[DEVELOP] Added awarness section to top level pages (#12108)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/frontend/index.mdx

---
title: Frontend
description: How we write frontend code at Sentry.
sidebar_order: 60
---

> This guide specifically focussed on the [Sentry](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry) and [Getsentry](https://github.com/getsentry/getsentry) codebases. It assumes you are using the eslint rules outlined by [eslint-config-sentry](https://github.com/getsentry/eslint-config-sentry); hence code style enforced by these linting rules will not be discussed here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide specifically focuses on the frontend part of the [Sentry](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry) and [Getsentry](https://github.com/getsentry/getsentry) codebases. It assumes you are using the eslint rules outlined by [eslint-config-sentry](https://github.com/getsentry/eslint-config-sentry); hence code style enforced by these linting rules will not be discussed here.
```
